Welcome to iLookup! 
 
Introduction: 
 
Problem: 
Currently, there is no centralized way to keep track of ASG product releases. There is also no 
simple way to search through AWS resources to gather relative data such as client information, 
product release numbers, and product components. 
 
Past/Current Solution: 
Release Engineer maintains a detailed excel document in Dropbox to keep track of 
the information mentioned above. 
 
Our Solution: 
iLookup, an in-house web based application that can be used to search and filter all ASG software 
products that are hosted on AWS, based on various search criteria such as clients, products, regions, etc. 
 
Technologies/Languages Used: 
Python/Flask, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, AJAX, JSON, Nginx, Gunicorn, Cron, Amazon EC2/ECS/RDS, MySQL, Ubuntu 16.04 Server 
 
Other benefits of iLookup include: 
•   Manage Release History (Audit Trail) 
•   Tag Resources (Updating AWS Clusters) 
•   Maintain Client History (Add / Remove) 
•   Email Notifications (New Releases) 
 
 
If You Want To ...: 
 
  -Create A New Database: 
    1. Connect to RDS on MySQL Workbench 
      Username: ilookupdb 
      Password: ilookupdb 
    2. Open the RDS connection 
    3. Create a new schema in MySQL 
    4. Change the DATABASE_URI in the config file to go to the new schema. 
    5. Run python3 db_create.py 
    6. Run python3 awsdata.py or load up ilookup.acordsolutions.net and press "Refresh AWS Data" 
 
  -Add A New Region: 
    1. Open regions.py file 
    2. Add another key:value pair to regionObject. i.e: "Ohio": "us-east-1" 
 
  -Have new tags into the Database and AWS: 
    1. In DeleteTag and NewTag route functions in routes.py, you have to add a new if statement with tag['key'] == 'NewTag' 
    2. In that, you can focus on calling a new function based on whatever tag you are now adding, to update certain parts of 
       the database. 
    3. Most of the functions regarding this are in addUpdateDB.py 
 
  -Change Email Notifications: 
    1. Open releaseEmail.py 
    2. If you want to add or change recipients of the email, contact IT to add / remove you from the distribution list under 
       ilookup@acord.org 
    3. If you want to change the format of the email, add lines of html code in string format into htmlStr variable, and 
       process data however you please. 
       *The current way data is processed is by querying the database and finding all time stamps in a release number and having 
       non-dev environments be taken into a list.* 
 
  -Alter Cluster Modal: 
    *This issue should be fixed, however if there is ever a change of it going too fast, or if you want to increase the speed. 
    1. In the $('#addTagModal').on('show.bs.modal', function(event)) there are timeouts set, to ensure that it processes without 
       overriding one another for dynamic updating. Just set the timeout state lower or higher accordingly. 
 
  -Fix A Grayed Screen: 
    1. For some reason, the screen will go gray sometimes when the release history modal is closed. This issue hasn't been pinpointed. 
    2. Refresh the page; it'll go away. It's a pretty rare occurrence. 
 
  -Create a New EC2 to Host iLookup 
    1.Run "build.sh" which will set up Nginx and Gunicorn for the application to run 
 
  -Alter Information Shown On Excel Sheet: 
    1. If you want to change the filename, go to layout.html and under exportTableToExcel, change the filename. 
    2. If you want to change the table itself, go to result.html and at the very end of the page, there is a table with id="excelTable", 
       which produces the table that will be exported onto excel. 
   *The reason why we don't use the actual result table is because of the icons involved, which cause the excel sheet to get corrupted.* 
 
  -Add A New Table in Database: 
    1. Open Models.py 
    2. Create the new model for that table 
    3. Make sure to import that model into all other files (routes, awsdata, checkData) 
 
  -Modify Select Bars: 
    1. Approach the select2 documentation, and you can find various triggers, etc, to help understand the code better. 
    * https://select2.org/ * 
 
 
*Note: There is cron job in place to automatically pull in AWS data periodically. If you want to be 100% sure that you have the latest data while  
       on iLookup, click "Refresh AWS Data" in the top-right corner of the page.* 
        
 
Conclusion: 
 
Special thanks to ACORD Solutions Group for the opportunity to develop iLookup, as well as all the help 
along the way from Corey, Ken, Pat, Swathi, Wilson, Jatin, Jay, Leo, and VB. 
 
Developed by: Krish Patel, Nick Primamore, Sayef Iqbal, and Rucha Guntoorkar 
